Clarify how PHP versions are specified. (#763)
humanmade/altis-local-server: docs/php-version.md

}
```

> **Note**: Only the major and minor versions (x.y) should be listed. We will use the latest patch version we have tested and made
> available both locally and in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Only the major and minor versions (x.y) should be specified. Altis automatically manages and updates the patch version
as part of regular maintenance.
```
